Overwhelming. It best describes the final chapter that culminates Marvel Cinematic Universe’s 21 iconic films into one. And that also describes the experience of watching your favourite superheroes come together for a singular goal, for one last time. Directors Anthony and Joe Russo ensure that the humongous build-up and the avalanche of expectations do not get the better of them. They deliver a largely wholesome product that is full of moments laced with action, emotion, comedy and drama. Writers Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely take you along, even if you haven’t been following the franchise. They do an incredible job with the screenplay to balance emotions with visual spectacle. So if you’re not a fan yet, chances are, you might become one after watching this instalment.
While the screen time for each character is not equal, their significance in the story is. And there are enough surprises in store, as far as their fates are concerned. ‘Endgame’ delivers quite well on the emotional quotient, bringing out superpowers and vulnerabilities of its cinematic demigods through their measured performances. From an upright Captain America (Chris Evans) to a stoic Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and from a straight-faced Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) delivering the punches to the reassuring presence of Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), ‘Endgame’ has it all and a lot more. Thanks to the conviction in performances, you also might just find yourself rooting for the bad guy, Thanos (Josh Brolin) at some point. However, it’s the comic collective of Thor (Chris Hemsworth), Hulk (Mark Ruffalo) and Ant Man (Paul Rudd) that ensures there are enough lighter moments in this otherwise heartfelt finale.
The action becomes progressively intense, but never overbearing. In fact, it remains relevant and true to the narrative, such that it weaves in enough opportunities for major plot twists that even the diehard fans may not see coming. The extensive CGI work adds to the visual appeal, even in 2D.
For the non-fans, the film’s explanatory tone might come across as a speed breaker at times, but for the fans, the same invokes hope and excitement, leading to constant gasps and howls.
Overall, 'Avengers: Endgame' is a befitting tribute to the Cinematic Universe that has spawned larger-than-life superheroes and super fans. At three hours plus, ‘Endgame’ delivers on a lot of its hallmark promises, leaving its fans with a range of emotions and fond memories.
